Metadata-Version: 2.4
Name: MiraAiSystems
Version: 0.2.0
Summary: An AI system that uses Gemini AI to do various tasks including NLP, file operations, and media handling.
Author: MoonTech
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 3
Classifier: Operating System :: OS Independent
Requires-Python: >=3.7
Description-Content-Type: text/markdown
Requires-Dist: python-dotenv
Requires-Dist: google-generativeai
Requires-Dist: rich
Requires-Dist: ultralytics
Requires-Dist: pyttsx3
Requires-Dist: SpeechRecognition
Requires-Dist: PyAudio
Requires-Dist: Pillow
Requires-Dist: PyPDF2
Requires-Dist: mutagen
Requires-Dist: pygame
Dynamic: author
Dynamic: classifier
Dynamic: description
Dynamic: description-content-type
Dynamic: requires-dist
Dynamic: requires-python
Dynamic: summary

Hello Folks! I am MoonTech, The Founder of Mira(Moontech Innovation and Research Agency), this is  Its Branch AIM (Artificial Intelligence Machinery)

which AIMs(pun intended) on AI, This Package "MiraAiSystems" includes 6 Functions:

1. ConAI(x): Register your API key before using any other Function, Place API key as x or register it in Activate
2. T1(x,t): Translator function, Translate the Sentence X into the language T
3. T2(x): Language Identifiers Function, Identify the Language that the text X written in
4. T3(x): Text Definer and Explained Function, Define and Explain any language in world
5. T4(): Chatbot Function, Ask Pablo anything about Languages
6. GameSafe(x): GameSafe function, Fetch the Coding of X() function
7. Render(x): Render function, Asks gemini X function
8. ActNLP(): Speech-to-Speech Conversation from Gemini
9. ActCV(): Open Camera to detect Faces
10. ActCV\_Yolo(): Open Camera to Detect Many things Advanced Computer vision
11. RunLinx(): Multi-function tool with:



✅ getimage

Displays an image using Pillow. Useful for viewing .png, .jpg, .bmp, etc.



✅ getext

Detects and prints the file extension and its MIME type for any file path provided.



✅ getstats

Shows detailed file metadata like size, created time, modified time, and file type.



✅ getaudioinfo

Reads and prints metadata (like artist, album, duration) from supported audio files (.mp3, .flac, etc.) using mutagen.



✅ readtext

Opens and prints contents of a .txt file directly into the console.



✅ readpdf

Extracts and prints text from a PDF file using PyPDF2.



✅ openurl

Opens any valid URL or file path in your default browser.



✅ voiceplay

Uses pyttsx3 to read aloud text from a .txt file.



✅ playmusic

Plays .mp3, .wav, or .ogg files using pygame.mixer until stopped manually (Enter key).



MAIN: High Size Aprox- 2.6 GB

